update: 2.0.20 update to the composeCompiler {} block (#199)
JetBrains/kotlin-multiplatform-dev-docs: topics/compose/compose-compiler.md

This helps smooth the migration of your projects to Kotlin 2.0.0 and later, as the Compose compiler ships
simultaneously with Kotlin and will always be compatible with Kotlin of the same version.

> > It is strongly recommended that you update your Compose app created with Kotlin 2.0.0 to version 2.0.10 or later. The Compose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It is strongly recommended that you update your multiplatform Compose app created with Kotlin 2.0.0 to version 2.0.10 or later. The Compose
```

The Compose compiler Gradle plugin offers a DSL for various compiler options.
You can use it to configure the compiler in the `composeCompiler {}` block of the `build.gradle.kts` file for the module
you're applying the plugin to.

There are two kinds of options you can specify:

   * General compiler settings.

>    * Feature flags enabling or disabling new and experimental features which eventually should become baseline.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Feature flags that enable or disable new and experimental features, which should eventually become part of the baseline.
```

> An example of such a configuration:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here's an example configuration:
```

>
{type="warning"}

### General settings

#### generateFunctionKeyMetaClasses

**Type**: `Property<Boolean>`

**Default**: `false`

If `true`, generate function key meta classes with annotations indicating the functions and their group keys.

> #### includeSourceInformation

Reviewer: This option is enabled for Android platform by default

For a deep dive into the compiler metrics, see this [Composable metrics blog post](https://chrisbanes.me/posts/composable-metrics/).

#### stabilityConfigurationFile

**Type**: `RegularFileProperty`

Path to the stability configuration file.
For details, see [Stability configuration file](https://developer.android.com/develop/ui/compose/performance/stability/fix#configuration-file)
in the Jetpack Compose documentation.

> #### includeTraceMarkers

Reviewer: Enabled by default since 2.0.20 (and was enabled by default pre 2.0)

}
```

### Feature flags

> Feature flags are separated into their own set to avoid churn of top-level properties as new flags
> are rolled out and deprecated continuously.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Feature flags are organized into a separate set to minimize changes to top-level properties as new flags
are continuously rolled out and deprecated.
```

To enable a feature flag that is disabled by default, specify it in the set, for example:

```kotlin
featureFlags = setOf(ComposeFeatureFlag.OptimizeNonSkippingGroups)
```

> To disable a feature flag that is enabled by default, call the `disabled()` function for it, for example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To disable a feature flag that is enabled by default, call the `disabled()` function on it, for example:
```

```kotlin
featureFlags = setOf(ComposeFeatureFlag.StrongSkipping.disabled())
```

#### IntrinsicRemember

**Default**: enabled

If enabled, turns on intrinsic remember performance optimization.

> Intrinsic remember is an optimization mode which inlines `remember` invocations and replaces `.equals` comparisons for keys
> with comparisons of the `$changed` meta parameter when possible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Intrinsic remember is an optimization mode that inlines `remember` invocations and, where possible, replaces `.equals` comparisons for keys with comparisons of the `$changed` meta parameter.
```
Shouldn't it be `.equals()` ?

This results in fewer slots being used and fewer comparisons being made at runtime.

#### OptimizeNonSkippingGroups

**Default**: disabled

If enabled, remove groups around non-skipping composable functions.

This optimization improves the runtime performance of your application by skipping
unnecessary groups around composables which do not skip (and thus do not require a group).
This optimization will remove the groups, for example, around functions explicitly marked as `@NonSkippableComposable`
and functions that are implicitly not skippable (inline functions and functions that return a non-`Unit` value such as `remember`).

> > This feature is considered [Experimental](supported-platforms.md#core-kotlin-multiplatform-technology-stability-levels) and is thus disabled by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> This feature is considered [Experimental](supported-platforms.md#core-kotlin-multiplatform-technology-stability-levels) and is disabled by default.
```

>
{type="warning"}

#### StrongSkipping

**Default**: enabled

If enabled, turns on Strong Skipping mode.

> Strong Skipping mode improves the runtime performance of your application by skipping unnecessary invocations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Strong Skipping mode improves the runtime performance of your application by applying optimizations previously reserved only for stable values.
```

> Strong Skipping mode improves the runtime performance of your application by applying optimizations previously reserved only for stable values.
> of composable functions whose parameters haven't changed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Strong Skipping mode improves the runtime performance of your application by applying optimizations previously reserved only for stable values of composable functions whose parameters haven't changed.
```

> For example, composables with unstable parameters become skippable, and lambdas with unstable captures are memoized.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, composables with unstable parameters become skippable, and lambdas with unstable captures are memorized.
```

For details, see the [description of Strong Skipping mode](https://github.com/JetBrains/kotlin/blob/master/plugins/compose/design/strong-skipping.md)

> in the Kotlin GitHub repo.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
in the Kotlin GitHub repository.
```
